Josh Groban is here with us tonight Josh
he's given us so much great music over
the years and of course to make great
songs you have to have great lyrics if
you want to be taken seriously as an
artist strong lyrics are a must I think
it's so tonight we are very proud very
pleased to bring two great talents
together for this new album that I think
is nothing short of magic singer
songwriter actor producer he sold more
than 25 million records worldwide
and has the voice of an angel oh hi I'm
Josh grobin
and I have the voice of an angel Josh
Groban's multi-platinum the best tweets
of Kanye West was the number-one album
of 2011 and now his highly anticipated
follow-up the best tweets of Donald
Trump
I've never seen a thin person drinking
diet corn at Barack Obama's birth
certificate is a fraud a fraud Stewart
cheated on him like a dog
again just watch Donald Trump's tweet
will make you laugh I'll make you cry
but mostly they'll make you cry
[Music]
amazing how all the haters and losers
keep tweeting the name facepalm clouds
stick like they are so original and like
no one else is doing by now and got the
exclusive new bonus track losers and
haters absolutely free you'll get all
the controversy all the self-promotion
my fragrance success is flying off the
shelves at Macy's the perfect Christmas
gift
all the contradiction
[Music]
and so much more the best tweets of
Donald Trump available wherever Trump
steaks Trump water Trump vents where
Trump the fragrance and Trump the whole
mattress collection is sold I'm running
for president of the United States
it's hashtag make America great again hi
I'm Jimmy Kimmel thanks for watching if
you'd like to see more click below to
subscribe to our YouTube channel and if
not do nothing at all
[Music]